How to deal with Content-Encoding (#14)
LPardue/draft-pardue-http-identity-digest: draft-pardue-httpbis-identity-digest.md

Want-Identity-Digest: sha-512=3, sha-256=10, unixsum=0
~~~

# Messages containing both Identity-Digest and Content-Encoding

> `Identity-Digest` applies to the unencoded representation. If a message is

Reviewer: Tiny phrasing nits that read better to me:

```suggestion
Digests delivered through `Identity-Digest` apply to the unencoded representation. If a message is
```

received with content coding, a recipient needs to decode the message in order
to calculate the digest that can subsequently be used for validation. If
multiple content codings are applied, the recipient needs to decode all

> encodings before usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encodings in order before validation.
```
